I earn my name is John say I'm a
skateboard from Wisconsin I need help on
my frontside 180s um but it usually
happens is I just going 90 degrees or
one of my feet just fell off I don't we
help beyond that tricks I know how to do
so far isn't only tell you right now hey
man so thanks a lot percent in your
video I really do appreciate it ah cool
so good on you for following the order
first steps first now we're working on
the frontside 180s so first step is
ollie on the all you can definitely work
on leveling out your board in the air
more as you guys know I'm a really huge
person who likes to push on the idea
that you should learn all the tricks in
proper order and that you should master
them I think that's one concept I never
really got through to you guys very well
is how well you should be able to do
each trick personally I've been
practicing practicing I guess I should
just say personally been skating every
day and I myself I'm doing five always a
day five frontside 180s five backside
180s five pop show five friendship five
heelflip five kickflip every day and it
really helps to progress super super
super super super fast no matter how you
good are how good you are something you
know is always good to just like
rehashing go over it and over it and
over and over and over it cool so I am
actually really surprised at how good
you are doing these 180s they're
actually very very very close when I saw
your first ollie maybe it was just a bad
example of your all Ian that if you did
a few more you would do much better but
yeah you're all II didn't level out in
the air at all but you're popping and
turning the 180 quite well thanks Erin
oh cool so let's check this out watch
your head and your shoulders that's the
main thing I always watch on the front
side 180 um boom it's funny cuz when you
when you bend down and you start to like
go into the front side 180 motion your
arms look as though you're going to turn
them
but then your head stays still it's kind
of funny with doing any kind of spin
motion where you turn your head and
where you you turn your eyes and look
with your eyes is where your body is
going to turn and ultimately where your
head is going to go maybe I should put
less emphasis on how you turn your head
and shoulders and more emphasis on where
you're looking so I want you to pretend
as though somebody is standing behind
you and you're turning your head to look
over at them like that much of a huge
motion I don't want you looking at your
board if you're looking at your board
well then your head is straight down and
it's not turning it all which gets a
little funny gets a little weird because
if you're not good enough at your
Ollie's to wear then you can Ollie
without looking at your board how are
you going to turn your eyes as you go to
do the frontside 180 in order to
actually do that motion and get your
board to do the 180 motion because you
first have to be able to turn your your
head and shoulders and make your eyes go
off of your board so you see it I'm
saying how like the ollie is such an
important prerequisite into the
frontside 180 but how good do you have
to be at it well you have to be good
enough to where you can do the ollie
without thinking without looking at the
board without even putting any attention
on your ollie and that's how good you
have to be once you have it that good
then you can go to the next step and you
can actually turn your head turn your
shoulders and look around the side with
your eyes and then you'll be able to pop
and turn the board that is very very
very very very very very very very very
important and so yeah I hope that that's
is helping you out that is the main
thing you need to do if you're not
popping it up enough then just take it
back and do a bunch of ollies just olly
olly olly olly olly because essentially
what this is is an ollie and then you're
going to do the 180 but first you have
to execute the ollie while you're
turning
there's then your legs will go cool so
for any of you guys looking to master
any of these tricks and more get
skateboarding made simple there are five
different volumes all five of them are
available on iTunes and at Braille
skateboarding com their digital download
so you can get them instantly on to your
mobile or desktop computer thanks a lot
for your guys's helping support you guys
are amazing incredible and I hope you're
having a great time progressing in your
skating